Yan'er, look at this person in your bag.
He's just a lunatic, and his mouth is still hard
Sister, is there anything wrong with Lei Shao?
Lei Jia is about to integrate into the Kunlun system
This boss doesn't even deserve to carry Lei Shao's shoes
Grandpa, don't you hurry up and apologize to your ancestors?
Say you're just a substitute
Have you decided?
Make this engagement with my apprentice and you can't break it
This marriage is witnessed by heaven and earth
Provided that at least my grandson is a trifle
How is that possible?
This old ancestor
How is it the same as the forestry master?
The forestry master is the ancestor
Is that forestry the new father?
Is this Yuan'er?
Look at how angry you are with your grandfather
You speak for people
Forestry, aren't you very good at playing?
Hit it and see if your fists are hard
Or the toughness of Kunlun's guards
You didn't seize Master Lin's last chance
You think it's worth a rat gun for who you are
You are vain and arrogant
Let you go to the abyss step by step
Oops, you're risking your own death.
Don't stop our family
What are you doing standing there?
Let me go and don't get arrested
The old idea is to let them do it
Dead people are full of smoke
This is the only way.
Otherwise, the spirit will die